# PennLabsChallengeRepo

Hi, I apologize for needing to this but I was working til the buzzer in getting my Android app functional. That is one thing to know about me - I often get pretty OCD with my programs and feel the need to get them as close to complete as possible before I can stop coding and working on it. As a result, I was coding the Android app and testing it up til 11:55 PM and that did not give me much time to create a detailed Read Me or comments. So I hope you can see this for the full read me on my project.

For the Penn Labs Technical Challenge, I completed the first part in its entirety and did not have time to complete the optional part. Although I did use a TabLayout and created two fragments - one for the Food Trucks and one for the Dining Halls - the dining hall tab is empty. For the food truck tab, I created a small function to parse through the file that listed all the food trucks and extract the releveant data (food truck name, food type, hours, etc.). I built a recylcer view which only shows the name, location, food type, and rating of each food truck. However, if you click on the Linear Layout hosting the food truck, a dialog box will pop up with expanded information such as the food truck's hours and phone number if they were available. From this dialogue box, you will also have the option to open up a map. I deviated a bit from the problem statement here as I thought a much cleaner solution would be that on the map, you see two markers (one for the food truck that you chose to view the map for and the other position marker is your current location).I found this solution to look better as it made the map less cluttered. I utilzied Google Maps API and FusedLocationProviderClient to get the user's current location and to build the map.  

Once again, I was very rushed in submiting this solution so my code is not very commented and there is a couple quick bug fixes that needed to happen. On the last screen with the map, both position markers had the tag for "food truck" when one of markers is the food truck location and the other one is the user's current location. Additionally, there is no back button to return to the main activity on the maps activity. Both of these were quick bug fixes that I Implemented.  To see the final, fully working product with the bugs fixed and the code commented, you can download and run the code at the following Google Drive link (I didn't want to put it on this GitHub because it is public):

